= git-db

CouchDB-based git server, avoids the filesystem. (VERY ALPHA)

== Installation

* Install CouchDB on <tt>localhost</tt>, and start it up.

* Install the gem

 $ gem install ddollar-git-db

* Create a <tt>git</tt> user. (Name can be whatever you like)

* Set a home directory for the user.

* Set up the <tt>git</tt> user's authorized_keys2 file: (modify the command to match your gem particulars)

 # ~git/.ssh/authorized_keys2
 command="/usr/bin/git-db",no-port-forwarding,no-X11-forwarding,no-agent-forwarding,no-pty <your ssh public key>

* Add your localhost as a remote to an existing project and push

 $ git remote add test-git-db git@localhost:my-repo.git
 $ git push test-git-db master

* Go look at the data in CouchDB

 http://127.0.0.1:5984/_utils/database.html?gitdb-my-repo

* Clone your repository somewhere else and examine it

 $ git clone git@localhost:my-repo.git /tmp/my-repo

* Please report any problems on the issue tracker.

== TODO

* Tests
* Refactor and clean up (experimenting with binary protocols can make things a bit messy)
* Authentication tie-in
* Never look at a raw git pack file again

== Note on Patches/Pull Requests

* Fork the project.
* Make your feature addition or bug fix.
* Add tests for it. This is important so I don't break it in a future version unintentionally.
* Commit, do not mess with rakefile, version, or history.
* Send me a pull request. Bonus points for topic branches.

== Copyright

Copyright (c) 2009 David Dollar. See LICENSE for details.
